includeFile = Scoring_01.txt

# No longer using this component
b:Ge/Plane_ISO/Include = "False"

s:So/Default/PhaseSpaceFileName    = "phase_spaces/cylinder_top"

#--- Target box the ZPlus surface at Iso center
s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Type      = "TsCylinder"
s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Material  = "Water"
s:Ge/ScoringCylinder/Parent    = "IsoCoordination"
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RMin      = 0.0 cm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RMax      = 3.0 cm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/SPhi      = 0.0 deg
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/DPhi      = 360.0 deg
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/HL        = 10.0 mm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/TransZ    = 0.0 mm
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/TransY    = 0. m
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/TransX    = 0. m
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RotX      = 0. deg
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RotY      = 0. deg
d:Ge/ScoringCylinder/RotZ      = 0. deg


s:Sc/DoseToMedium/Component    = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/DoseToWater/Component     = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/DoseToMaterial/Component  = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/EnergyDeposit/Component   = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/Charge/Component          = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/EffectiveCharge/Component = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/KineticEnergy/Component   = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/Fluence/Component         = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/EnergyFluence/Component   = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/StepCount/Component       = "ScoringCylinder"
s:Sc/SurfaceCurrent/Surface    = "ScoringCylinder/ZPlusSurface"
s:Sc/SurfaceTrackCount/Surface = "ScoringCylinder/ZPlusSurface"
s:Sc/PhasespaceScorer/Surface  = "ScoringCylinder/ZPlusSurface"
